With BHW, the user can retrieve and display - in a GUI - all relevant 
information on installed hardware related MOs in a base station.

BTS Hardware Management
BSM is a common function used by BHW. BHW provides navigation 
capabilities for hardware components of base stations with a 
graphical browser which enables the user to browse through the MO 
structure in a consistent and efficient way.

BTS Alarm Management 
BAM application provides the user with a functionality to restrict 
the amount of alarms and to define the kind of alarms to be presented.
This feature enables the user to filter alarms according to certain
criteria, which depend on the current situation and makes it easier
to concentrate on important alarms.

WCDMA RAN Components
The consistency check application is used to check whether network 
elements in WCDMA RAN have consistent data. By using the consistency 
check interface, a user can select the network elements and apply rules
to check if they are consistent. The results of a consistency check are
displayed in a report. Furthermore, a user can select individual tabs
and specify the rules within the tabs: Power, Data Matching, Cell 
Neighbour, Capacity Management, Congestion Control, HSDPA, Transport, 
Attribute Unique

Bulk CM is a means of configuring data for large networks using XML files

WCDMA Diagnostic Tools
Node Status Analyzer
Health Check
Cell Availability



GFHR-19:000524 Uen Rev PA1

job editor and task editor are job manager components
mmcm
network browser pane
r-pmo offers fast reaction to problems and trouble-shooting
ncs, mrr, fox are the tool in rno application
collecton, and export
includes, offers
allowing, collecting

LFCS
edx.org
Course resources: https://training.linuxfoundation.org/cm/LFS201/.
user id: LFtraining  password: Penguin2014

Virtualization
this is a technique for using computing resources and devices in a 
completely functional manner regardless of their physical layout or 
location.

READ:
Kavis, Michael J. Architecting the Cloud: Design decisions for
cloud computing service models(Saas, Paas, IaaS)(Wiley CIO)
